[MUSIC PLAYING]
[AUDIO LOGO]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to this edition
of "Beyond Belief."
Bonni McCliss is with us,
a certified hypnotherapist
and psychic medium, who
specializes in tapping
into the Akashic Records.
Bonni, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>BONNI MCCLISS: Hi, George.
Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: And how are you?
>>MCCLISS: I'm doing well.
I'm excited.
I'm excited to be here.
>>NOORY: Lots to
talk with you about.
>>MCCLISS: Definitely.
>>NOORY: Tell me about your
life as a psychic medium.
How did that start for you?
>>MCCLISS: Sure.
Yeah, it definitely evolved.
It definitely evolved
from this idea of psychic
in a myriad of different ways.
And it came to this fruition
of reading the Akashic Records.
So it's been a journey.
>>NOORY: How old were you?
>>MCCLISS: My earliest memories
with working within the psychic
plane--
I was about two years old.
>>NOORY: That's it?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah, that's it.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>MCCLISS: It's as far
back as I could go.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Is it hereditary?
Is it in your family?
>>MCCLISS: Not to my knowledge.
It's not hereditary.
I feel like it had something to
do with the vibrational beings
or access that came
upon me early on,
and it's a bit of a
chicken or the egg.
I don't know if I attracted
this help by being psychic,
or if I came in, contracted
into higher planes, beings,
and states of consciousness.
So I don't know, but they've
been around for as long
as I can remember.
>>NOORY: Well, being so young
to have this ability, where
you were a brainiac in school?
>>MCCLISS: Quite
the opposite, yeah.
It was very much a
problem, misunderstood.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
Yes, kind of didn't
process things the way
that other people
processed them.
Classic-- she's a daydreamer.
We can't keep Bonni's
focus for long.
>>NOORY: You were in
another plane of existence.
>>MCCLISS: I was classic, yeah.
If anybody knew me back then,
they'd say, oh, she's not here.
>>NOORY: What are
the Akashic Records?
>>MCCLISS: The Akashic Records--
many people believe different
things about the Akasha.
But from my perspective,
it's the all.
It's the one state
of consciousness.
It's where all beings
come together and meet.
And through reading
the Akasha, you're
able to see people in
their multidimensionality.
You're able to see
all they've ever been,
all that they ever will be.
And really, what I think is
unique to the Akashic Records
is that you can see their
journey through each choice
that they make, so if they
make a decision, how that's
going to roll out and how that's
going to affect their karma.
>>NOORY: Does everything we
do go in the Akashic Records?
>>MCCLISS: Every single
thing, not only us,
but any dimensional being.
It really is a
storehouse for life.
It is the Atman.
>>NOORY: So we
can't hide anything?
>>MCCLISS: No, everything's
being signed, sealed,
and delivered into this--
>>NOORY: Who records it?
What records it?
>>MCCLISS: It's a good question.
I feel like we do.
I feel like it's a product of--
>>NOORY: We're our own authors
of the Akashic Records?
>>MCCLISS: Yes, it's
like the matrix.
It's all of it.
And I think that when
you get into the Akasha,
it allows you to go deeper
into your understanding
of beyond the paradox, beyond
the duality of being human
and into this state of oneness.
>>NOORY: I had this vision
of a spirit guide with a huge
journal, long robe--
>>MCCLISS: Yeah,
a lot of people--
>>NOORY: --writing,
George did this today.
[LAUGHTER]
>>MCCLISS: And it's perceived
that way, like that old movie,
"Defend Your Life."
When you go after
this incarnation,
you go and you get to see
all the things that you
could have done differently.
And I do think there's
some truth to that.
But we come in with this code
deep within our DNA, what we've
come here to do,
whether it be to release
our karma or this
just groundhog's
day of our own beingness.
Or sometimes, people come
back to help humanity--
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>MCCLISS: --as we evolve
through this eye of the needle.
So--
>>NOORY: You do your
psychic readings
a little differently than most.
>>MCCLISS: I do.
>>NOORY: Tell me what you do.
I think psychic
readings, at large,
is a very valuable
tool that you can get
from several different people.
And you just look at and
witness the seed, the beginning
art of somebody's capacity.
But when you get into the
akasha, where I tend to hover,
you see where their
blind spots are.
You see the purpose
for their incarnation.
You see their talents.
You see past life
tremors and traumas
that they can't seem to
release and evolve from.
So in short, you look
at the whole chasm
of an individual's
evolution, which I think,
as in Akashic
Records, you really
have to learn to hold yourself
in a certain lifestyle,
to be able to enter into
that, to begin with.
>>NOORY: So you tap into
individual's Akashic Records--
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
>>NOORY: --like you
would tap in the mind--
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>NOORY: --somebody else's.
>>MCCLISS: And they're
all linked, which
is just a mind-blowing concept.
>>NOORY: What kind of mode
are you in order to do this?
>>MCCLISS: We would consider
it a mode of channeling, which
is a little bit separate
from psychics and mediums
because they are reading
the energy before them.
They're reading the
trajectory that is--
>>NOORY: Like you're
in a trance state?
>>MCCLISS: Somewhat, yes.
Yeah, it's like a half in,
half out kind of energy.
>>NOORY: Can you show us
how you get into this mode?
>>MCCLISS: Certainly.
It's like a call
and response type
of dynamic, where, through
the power of your intention,
you will yourself
through the heart,
so with intention
to be this conduit
to receive healing and
information for the person that
sits with you.
And after your
intention, you seem
to be able to pick
up on a signal.
For me, it's pretty audible.
I could hear it ringing
usually in my right ear.
And when I respond to that--
>>NOORY: So like tinnitus?
>>MCCLISS: It is like tinnitus.
It is exactly like tinnitus.
You just--
>>NOORY:
[NOORY MAKING BUZZING SOUND]
>>MCCLISS: --recognize it.
Yeah.
That--
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>MCCLISS: --with like,
as you could imagine,
all of the air being sucked out
of the room at the same time.
It's a very bizarre energy,
and so you just lean into that.
You trust that, and you
meld with that signal.
And then you become
a collective.
>>NOORY: Should the
person that you're reading
feel violated because
you're tapping
into their personal records?
>>MCCLISS: That's
a good question.
We're not truly separate, so
there is not the boundaries
that we perceive anyway.
>>NOORY: So it's
public, technically.
>>MCCLISS: It's
public information.
It's through the power of
intention and alignment.
So generally, when people
find me, we are already--
it's been written.
It's already a part of
their walk, their journey
for us to cross paths.
So it is just this
really seamless merger.
And I think that what I hear
most as far as feedback--
when they leave an Akashic
Records, experience with myself
is they don't remember a
lot of what we talked about,
because it's on beyond the mind.
And they'll leave
feeling different.
>>NOORY: It's "Beyond Belief."
>>MCCLISS: It's "Beyond Belief."
[CHUCKLES] Yeah.
They just feel different.
They feel seen, or heard, or
I guess you could say aligned.
>>NOORY: Bonni,
give us an example
of you tapping into
somebody's Akashic Records.
And what do you say to them?
And how do you use it?
>>MCCLISS: Sure.
So as I begin, I tune in by--
I'd love to hear
somebody's voice first.
I love to hear their frequency,
their harmonic thumbprint.
Sound is how I--
>>NOORY: So you chat
with them for a little--
>>MCCLISS: Mm-hmm, ask them
about the weather or their dog
and try to get that
signal from them
as well as I'm pairing up with a
higher planes of consciousness.
And almost immediately,
I start to feel or sense
their lineage, their archetype,
their patterns, their purpose
along the way--
>>NOORY: How long does
this session last?
>>MCCLISS: About an hour.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That's pretty intense.
>>MCCLISS: Super fast,
and I talk fast and a lot,
maybe why they don't remember.
>>NOORY: Are you awake?
>>MCCLISS: I'm awake,
but I'm not always
fully aware of what
comes out of my mouth.
Sometimes, things I say--
it's news to me.
It's fascinating
to hear the vantage
point of the
collective wisdom that
runs through me and
into the recipient.
>>NOORY: Do you pull out the
good and the bad of the Akashic
Records?
>>MCCLISS: You could say that.
They don't like to speak
in any kind of binary way,
but they will show
where there is fear,
or judgment, or limited belief.
So I do tell my clients,
I'm not a doomsday psychic.
You're pretty safe with me.
And the stuff that comes
through is all about productive
knowledge to bring you
into harmonic alignment
with what your soul is
trying to create and achieve
in this particular--
>>NOORY: That is fascinating.
Have you ever found
yourself, Bonni,
in a situation where you
tapped into somebody's records
and you figure, I got
to get out of here?
>>MCCLISS: It's
a great question.
Maybe just a few times.
And I think that
a couple of times
where I've done that, I
have sensed somebody's life
wasn't going to be much longer.
And so that's an interesting--
that's an interesting
crossroads.
And there has been
times where I've
met ET resistance in
people, where they would not
allow me to access, no
matter how hard I pushed.
That's only happened
a couple of times,
where I was accessed denied.
>>NOORY: You know, as you're
being psychic with all of this,
have you stumbled
into other encounters
with extraterrestrials
or other entities?
>>MCCLISS: Very much so.
It's a bit of my wheelhouse.
I've been seeing
them or exchanging
with their sound currents
and their knowledge
or intentions for humanity
since as far as I can remember.
So you see that a lot in people.
You'll see people who are here
to help humanity rise right
now, as opposed to
perhaps people that
have come to work
on maybe a more
individual karmic experience.
And often, those
people are connected
to different races, different
planes of consciousness.
The people often feel--
they say they're lost, or
homesick, or they don't fit in.
So you get to have a lot of
variation with contact beings,
and that's why I tell people
I'm just a cosmic linguistic--
[CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: Bonni, are
these encounters
with higher dimensions and
entities more spiritual
than others?
>>MCCLISS: Of course,
yes, some definitely
are very focused on the repair
of Earth and Earth's resources.
>>NOORY: They care about us.
>>MCCLISS: Very
much, very much so.
>>NOORY: And then others?
>>MCCLISS: Others
seem to be here doing
some type of research or
advancing their own status.
It's very, very different,
just like people.
Some people are out for
their own well-being,
and some feel driven
to help the collective.
>>NOORY: What is a light being?
>>MCCLISS: A light being to me
would be the way that they come
across and their
vibration, the way
that they cycle
light and time, how
they operate in time and space.
>>NOORY: Are they angelic?
>>MCCLISS: Some people
call light beings angelic.
>>NOORY: Yeah, I think
William Henry does.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah.
They seem to vibrate at a
very high, high resonance,
with the different sound--
>>NOORY: We've got some
pictures to show you.
You tell us what they are at.
The first is what
we call "the dome."
>>MCCLISS: Yeah.
[CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: Explain that, Bonni.
>>MCCLISS: The dome
built itself in a way.
It spoke to us step by step on
what needed to come together,
and it definitely started
with the land, started
with the fantastic elements
of the crystal grids
in Hot Springs, Arkansas.
>>NOORY: It's a geodesic dome
created by Buckminster Fuller--
>>MCCLISS: Yes, correct,
Buckminster Fuller, yes.
Yeah.
And there's quite a bit
of science backing it,
but we weren't led
by the science.
We were led by intuition, which
brought to us step-by-step
what needed to happen
to inhabit this.
>>NOORY: Is this built
in a certain area?
>>MCCLISS: It's built
directly on crystal grid,
natural forms of crystal--
>>NOORY: Oh really?
>>MCCLISS: --grid.
Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Does that give
it any special powers?
>>MCCLISS: It does.
It seems to create and
generate positive ions.
So it's--
>>NOORY: Well, let's
go inside the dome now
and see what it looks like.
That's kind of cool.
>>MCCLISS: It is.
>>NOORY: Is that somebody
lying down on the floor?
>>MCCLISS: Mm-hmm.
Yes, so generally, people
will come and lie down,
and we'll use sound and
different frequencies,
different instruments to bring
them into altered states.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MCCLISS: And the
geodesic aspect of the dome
seems to help this kind of
harmonic resonance complete.
>>NOORY: Because of
the way it's shaped?
>>MCCLISS: Mm-hmm.
Has quite an interesting
acoustic aspect to it as well.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
Let's see what else is there.
>>MCCLISS: OK.
>>NOORY: Now, what is this?
>>MCCLISS: So this is
another-- just another aspect
of the dome when
we're sitting there
with the different sounds.
And again, the way that we use
sound and the crystal balls
is very intuitive.
We use different lights,
different colors,
and different
instruments again just
to try to bring forward
whatever energy--
>>NOORY: How about chanting?
>>MCCLISS: --is present.
We do chanting, yoga.
>>NOORY: OM?
>>MCCLISS: Yes, we do OM.
We do a lot of the Hebrew
akemic statements, like ehyeh
or Jehovah Elohim.
We reach back to some of
the ancient properties
and teachings from
the mystery schools,
and that's why we named it
The Legend of Greater Things.
>>NOORY: You had an ET
contact yourself, didn't you,
during one of these sound baths?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What happened?
So it was interesting.
It wasn't necessarily
like anything
we've ever seen before.
Although, a lot of people talk
about different encounters
or beings that they'll come
across while at the dome
because we are really engaging
in this climactic womb
of resonance.
And these sine waves seem to
be doing something very, very
different and peculiar.
But one night specifically,
I think it was in April 2021,
we had invited an
astrologer to give a speak--
or, to give a
speaking engagement.
And he came out, and he was
on the outside of the dome.
And the first thing I
recognized was strange
was that my electronic
equipment to film him
and what he was doing
started to really mess up.
>>NOORY: Go haywire.
>>MCCLISS: What's that?
>>NOORY: Go a little haywire.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah, the
electronics went haywire,
and I thought that
was really strange.
But it's not untypical
for the dome,
because we're out in
the middle of a field.
And Wi-Fi is crazy.
But as the night drove on, I
noticed other strange aspects.
There seemed to be an odd energy
with the people that have come.
People were very, very
still and almost sleepy.
There was a fog
somewhat descending--
>>NOORY: Like a mist?
>>MCCLISS: --around like a mist.
In prior ET contact, I know that
that's an element that comes.
>>NOORY: That waves
in first somehow.
>>MCCLISS: Yes, it does.
>>NOORY: And a lot of times,
it cloaks the UFO, for example.
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
It does.
It absolutely does, and it has a
different sound resonance to it
too.
So that started to seem
kind of strange to me.
And then if that wasn't
enough, to top it all off,
there was an owl that
had come and landed
on the banister on the
other side of the dome.
>>NOORY: That's always
an interesting sign.
>>MCCLISS: Always an interesting
[CHUCKLES]
--sign.
So I just knew it
was strange, and I
knew something was
different than normal.
But I truly didn't think
too much more about it.
So when my astrologer
concluded his talk,
everybody ran inside for the
second phase of this event,
where we were going to
use sound and instrument
and meditation sure to bring
them into an altered state.
And that was a little
bit strange to, George,
because normally people will
come up, and they will talk.
And I have a hard time herding
them into the dome to prepare
for this next [NON-ENGLISH],,
next part of whatever
we're going to do.
But that night,
there was no talking.
They all just seem to
just run into the dome,
lay down, curl up
in their blankets,
like little inch
worms, and just--
they just got really
still very quickly.
>>NOORY: They were vegetated.
>>MCCLISS: It was
strange, which I've never
seen that's behavior.
>>NOORY: Now, tell us
about these hooded beings.
>>MCCLISS: That's
where it went to.
So right before we were going
into our meditation, actually,
two people jumped up
and left immediately.
One lady got in her car drove
all the way back to Nashville,
and my astrologer-- he
just took off and left
too, so odd components.
So we started in, and I'm the
one leading the meditation.
I'm a regressionalist
by trade, and I
was going to use a certain
meditation to bring them in.
And it was very strange,
because my mind went blank
at that moment.
>>NOORY: Really?
Like you were losing control?
>>MCCLISS: Like I
was losing my focus.
I couldn't remember how to
set people up for hypnosis.
I thought that was odd.
>>NOORY: Strange.
>>MCCLISS: Strange.
I started to get
a little nervous.
And something else came
into my mind entirely,
and I asked people to just begun
to relax and release their body
and vibrate into the light
being that they truly are.
And that was an
odd command or ask.
I've never said that to anyone.
>>NOORY: And you had not
seen the hooded beings
at this point?
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
They were not there.
But again, it was just
an odd experience.
So after the
meditation, I just told
them to continue to breathe
and to relax their bodies.
And I sat down to
play my instruments,
and we use sound
balls, crystal balls.
And the first thing that
happened was it wouldn't play.
>>NOORY: Another
haywire experience.
>>MCCLISS: Another-- yes,
the vibration wouldn't-- it
wouldn't resonate.
It was almost like
something was interfering.
And I looked at the
two people that I was
playing the instruments with.
They also had these
singing balls,
and they were experiencing
the same thing.
We were giving hand
gestures, like, we
don't know what's going on.
We're confused.
So continue to struggle
with these balls.
And I even stepped
over to the gong
to start to get the gong
vibration to go into
and to create a
resonance, and it
sounded like you were
kicking a tin can.
It was a really strange thing.
And when I turned around
to go back to the balls
is when I started to
see a gray mist forming
towards the right
hemisphere of the dome.
And that's when I saw several--
I think it was anywhere
between 12 or 15 hooded beings
entering the site--
>>NOORY: Did they look human?
>>MCCLISS: Absolutely not.
No, I've seen these
energies once before,
and it's hard to
see their faces.
>>NOORY: Now, your partner
Kayce Johnson was there too
as a witness--
>>MCCLISS: She was.
>>NOORY: --during this event.
>>KAYCE JOHNSON: We've done a
ton of soundbars at the dome.
And we do them together, me
and my mother, Karla Shepard,
and Bonni.
And this one started off
just like they always do,
where you have quite a
few people that come.
The dome's getting full.
Everyone's coming in.
People start to lay down.
And so what we usually do
is we'll have a meditation,
and we'll do some breathwork.
And we just really try
to get people relaxed
before we start playing.
But this time, when we start
playing, it just-- the sound
was so off.
The balls weren't playing right.
They weren't sounding right.
When we got to play the
gong, the gong would even--
normally just echoes
across the dome,
and it's really
loud and beautiful.
And that night, it was making
just this tin, deadpan sound.
Every time we'd hear it, it was
like the vibration of the room
was being altered.
And then I felt like we had
been playing for forever.
And I just remember
looking up at the clock,
and it was like
time it stood still.
It just kept going on and on and
like the clock wasn't moving.
And then this lady stands up
in the middle of the room,
and she starts making
these hand movements.
She sits up, and
she starts doing
all these different
mudras and gestures
with her arm and her
hands, not saying anything,
just almost like she
was directing something.
It was really wild.
And then we slowly
pull everyone up.
And we're just talking
to people afterwards
and getting their
reactions to everything,
just seeing how
it felt for them.
And at least 10
people who were there
talked about experiencing
that it felt like they
were being pulled
out of their bodies.
It felt like something
was coming to get them
and pulling them
up, like they all
had the same kind of
description happening.
It was just a really
wild and tense night,
and we haven't had it
happen like that since.
Normally, when we go down to
play the balls, it's fine.
And we had changed
nothing that night,
so it was just a really weird--
it was like something
came in and had altered
the energy of the room,
that vibrational experience,
that space.
>>NOORY: Sounds like
quite a night, Bonni.
>>MCCLISS: It was.
It was one for the
books, for sure.
>>NOORY: A lot of
strange things.
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>NOORY: What do you think
caused all these distortions
with the electronics
and things like that?
>>MCCLISS: I believe it was
a bit of a perfect storm.
I believe that there was
many different components.
Often, I hear that dates matter,
that these harmonic convergence
will happen during certain
phases of the moon,
or planetary
alignments, or dates.
So it could have been
just this perfect thing
that we happened upon.
The right people,
all of it together
created this really
interesting, I think,
blip and the resonance, and
things came to check it out.
They felt very much to me
like an inner Earth species.
There may have been other
type of energies around but--
>>NOORY: But within the
hollow Earth, if we have one?
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
Yes, which is
pretty in alignment
with the beliefs
for that land as it
pertains to the owners
that have come before us.
>>NOORY: Now, you've been back
to the dome several times,
haven't you?
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Here's a picture
of a different night.
Tell us a little bit about
this kind of activity.
What is this?
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
That's definitely a distortion.
I feel like, when we start
bringing in the sound--
and again, this is a
really intuitive engagement
on our part.
We just set ourselves
up as, again--
>>NOORY: Is that you?
>>MCCLISS: --these channels.
That's me.
Mm-hmm.
And through intention,
I can speak for myself,
we're moving into--
I'm moving into
just altered states
and using the sound to
really elicit this healing.
So when I looked
at this picture,
my first feeling was
that distortion right
there in the middle felt
like an actual being.
Or I could sense that there's
something else going on
right there.
So that's a bit
par for the course.
>>NOORY: Was there much
paranormal activity
out there, Bonni?
>>MCCLISS: Quite
a bit, actually,
which-- people will come and
give us different accounts.
Some people hear
singing on the land.
People are scared to
stay there at night.
>>NOORY: Scared-- really?
Were you?
>>MCCLISS: Well, no.
But I mean, [CHUCKLES] I'm
fascinated by this stuff.
But you can just sense it.
When you walk on the
land, you can just sense.
Very sensitive people-- they
know something's happening,
and you usually are affected
one way or the other.
You either lean in,
and you want to be
a part of something
great and unknown,
or it drives you the other way.
And you just-- you shut down,
and you don't come back.
So the dome and the
land itself certainly
has its own way of dividing and
calling in people that need it.
So honestly, every
experience that we have there
is its own unique.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
You've got another partner
named Karla Shepard,
and she talks about the UFO
sightings around this property.
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>KARLA SHEPARD: The land
has been in our family
for generations.
And several years ago,
my father was talking
to a great aunt of mine.
And she had lived on the old--
what we call the Old
Homestead, and it
overlooks-- there
is a wooded area,
and then you have
the Old Homestead.
And then there's the
dome beyond the woods.
And she told my father that she
was doing dishes one evening--
and this had been-- this
was many, many years ago--
and that she saw a UFO.
And she saw it land right in the
vicinity of where the dome was,
and she said she had
never told anyone,
because she didn't think that
anyone would believe her.
But she knew that my dad
would in her older years.
And so Bonni and Kayce and I had
talked to my father about this.
And my father-- by trade, he
worked in the X-ray business.
And he had a side
business at one point,
where they would extract
the silver from the X-rays.
And they would make
them into silver bars.
And so for a long time, he
had some of those silver bars.
And he said, just very
casually one day-- he
said, yeah-- he said, I'll never
forget, when an ET visited me
and needed help
with his spacecraft.
He said that there was something
wrong with it, and he said,
he needed some
silver to repair it.
And he said, he'd
only got one bar.
He didn't need much, he
said, but I was glad to help.
So we do have a little bit
of history with UFOs and ETs
that have visited us long
before the dome was there.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
What else kind ET activity,
Bonni, was out that way?
>>MCCLISS: A lot of it was
just stories from the family,
or even generations
beyond generations.
And it's actually kind of--
>>NOORY: Hand-me-down stories?
>>MCCLISS: It was just
hand-me-down stories, correct.
Yeah.
And even for that
part of Hot Springs,
there's been mass
sightings that news
has covered over the decades.
But as far as Karla's
father, he did.
He would just tell
you straightforward,
I've watched craft land
here on this property.
They have a purpose.
He would speak at great detail
about the inner Earth beings.
He believed he could
locate the actual entryway
into the caverns.
And I know I would have
dreams in accordance
to what he was saying.
He even went so
far before he died
as to have this big boulder
moved so that people
could find a way to go into
these inner Earth caverns and--
>>NOORY: It's like Jesus
moving the boulder.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah,
he was set on it.
He knew it, yeah.
>>NOORY: A lot of
times, when there's
a lot of ET activity,
the men in black show up.
Did that happen here too?
>>MCCLISS: It did.
If we go back to
that night where
we had that collective of
experience, and it was-- again,
people left with their own
thoughts about the occurrence.
Many people saw
the same visions.
>>NOORY: It was only a
few years ago, right?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah, April
2021, really recent.
Some people thought
they had died.
There was a man
in particular who
was ex-military who came to me
after the whole thing happened,
just sobbing, thought he
thought he had died because he
had seen the higher realms.
It was a really
interesting situation.
>>NOORY: Now, something happened
also before that, right,
in March of 2020?
>>MCCLISS: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What was that?
>>MCCLISS: So if we go
back to March 4, 2020,
that actually happened on
my property, where I live.
And that was a
really peculiar night
for a lot of different reasons.
But the eve of that night, I
had this very strong instinct
to really go into deep
stages of meditation
and to prepare for something,
which is not my norm,
to meditate at night.
And so I did that, and I
went to sleep, like I do.
And in the middle of the
night, I guess around 2:00
in the morning, there was
a really strange primal cry
and sound.
Like, if you could
combine just this--
a crash sound with almost,
like, this tribal scream
that shot straight up in
the middle of the night--
was really strange.
>>NOORY: What was it?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah, I was
trying to figure that out.
In the beginning,
I thought maybe
I woke myself up with
some really interesting
primal scream, so was sitting
there a little disoriented,
trying to understand.
And just as soon as I was
sitting there and trying
to reflect on what could have
made such an ungodly sound,
magenta sparks began to move
into and throughout my bedroom.
>>NOORY: Like an energy wave?
>>MCCLISS: Like an energy wave.
And typically, you can
see those things astrally
in your mind's eye.
But this was different
because it was just as clear
with my physical eyes shooting
through my bedroom, so
definitely could sense
something was going on.
And I got up that evening,
and I went to my bathroom,
just because-- just trying to
find some bit of orientation.
And I was washing my hands and
looking out my second floor
window, out into the
property, where I noticed
a very strange illuminated--
this illumination
above the trees.
At first, I thought
it was just the moon
and the reflection of the moon.
But as I kept staring
at it, it definitely
looked like some
interdimensional craft,
nothing solid, like the
ships or the metal blips.
>>NOORY: Like a hologram?
>>MCCLISS: Like a
hologram, exactly.
It definitely looked
like a hologram.
It had a very--
in particular or specific--
had a very specific Y shape
on the bottom of the craft.
So I sat there for a few
moments just looking at it.
And if you've ever seen an
ET, then you look at it,
and you're in awe.
And then the strange "go
back about your business"
feeling comes over you,
like, OK, I saw it.
>>NOORY: Like no big deal.
>>MCCLISS: Moving
on, no big deal.
It's a very bizarre--
>>NOORY: I'd freak out.
>>MCCLISS: --energy.
Yeah, you can have a freak out.
You can have an awe.
And then you just have this
"let it all go" feeling.
So I left the bathroom
and went back to bed,
and again, a lot of
energy in the room
to the point of
nausea and vertigo.
And all at once, an energy
began to form in my room.
I say "she" because it had
a very female nature to her.
She was very, very tall,
very slender, very white,
almost like a
bioluminescence feel.
>>NOORY: You didn't
feel threatened at all?
>>MCCLISS: Not at
all, not at all.
I've had a background with
many different interdimensional
beings.
This one was very solid
and striking, though.
>>NOORY: Human looking?
>>MCCLISS: Human
looking somewhat,
but she had the larger eyes.
And the eyes really
stuck out to me
because it was
like you would see
clouds moving at a hyperspeed.
It was some kind of anomaly.
>>NOORY: A dream.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah, like a dream.
Something was moving through
her eyesight, just a rapid pace.
So I made my way back to
my bed through all of this,
just sitting there trying
to take it in and find
some kind of alignment.
And the next strange
thing that happened
is my husband, who was beside
me through all of this--
he shot up and ran,
and he stood outside.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>MCCLISS: He's done that
a couple of times during--
>>NOORY: Was he awake?
>>MCCLISS: No, he's in--
>>NOORY: Like sleepwalking?
>>MCCLISS: He's,
like, sleepwalking.
And this has happened before,
where he'll just go outside.
And he stays out there
with what feels like just
an exuberant amount of time.
>>NOORY: Is he looking
into the skies?
>>MCCLISS: He's almost like
he's in an altered state.
>>NOORY: And he's
not aware of this.
>>MCCLISS: He's not-- it's
a bit like sleepwalking.
He's unaware.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MCCLISS: So this being
went on to say-- at the time,
I thought it kept repeating
the word "Ishani--" "Ishani."
But as I've played
this over in my mind,
I now believe that it was trying
to say the word "Sisani--"
"Sisani."
>>NOORY: What does that mean?
>>MCCLISS: It's a type of race.
It's a type of being.
It's a type of--
it's an agenda, actually, as
far as what I can understand.
So went on to give me
some messages for myself
and then for the
rest of humanity.
>>NOORY: Do they tap
into the Akashic Records?
>>MCCLISS: I believe
they do, 100%, they do.
>>NOORY: So they
know all about us?
>>MCCLISS: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Are you glad you have this gift?
>>MCCLISS: I am glad.
It hasn't always been that--
it hasn't always been that way.
It's been a long journey of
confusion and disorientation
and feeling alone.
>>NOORY: Has it ever
backfired on you?
>>MCCLISS: I think it has in
the past when nobody understood
what was happening.
It would backfire.
People thought a
long time ago that I
might have just
been losing my mind,
but it's made me who I am.
>>NOORY: How many
people do you think,
Bonni, have this ability, and
they just don't realize it?
>>MCCLISS: I believe everybody
has a psychic ability.
I do.
I think it's a part of
our human birthright.
I believe it's how
we're going to move
through this next phase of
humanity, of our own evolution.
It's how we're going to--
>>NOORY: This shift we're
going to go through.
>>MCCLISS: --make it
through the shift.
Yeah.
So right now, it is that
time that everybody's
spoken about, the
Great Awakening,
this capacity through the human
center, human biology, to--
>>NOORY: When will
this awakening occur?
>>MCCLISS: I think we're
in the middle of it.
I think we're starting.
I think it's now.
Especially when you look at
all of the different prophecies
and Indigenous
beliefs as far as this
goes into the Egyptian
archives or into the Maya,
they all collectively
believe that this
is the time of the
Great Awakening.
>>NOORY: Were you
picked for some reason?
>>MCCLISS: I believe I was
contacted as a young child
because--
>>NOORY: Two years old.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah, two years old--
to go into training,
to become someone
who can help lead many
others just like me,
and to really help us
understand this resonance
shift that the Earth
is going through,
that our human biologies
are going through.
I believe that they've
been training me
since I was a child to help
understand these different--
>>NOORY: They're getting
you ready for something.
>>MCCLISS: --resonances.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Well, do you
know what that is?
>>MCCLISS: Think so.
I think so.
On that night of March 4,
when I had that encounter
with that being, she gave
me this whole deliverance
of things that we're
about to come to Earth.
And she--
>>NOORY: Good things
and bad things?
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
She--
>>NOORY: And have any of them
happened in the last two years?
>>MCCLISS: They have.
They have.
If we look at that
date, March 4, 2020,
that was about 10 or
11 days before America
really knew what
it was up against,
before they understood that
the coronavirus was going
to be their journey as well.
>>NOORY: And wars
and everything else.
>>MCCLISS: And wars, all of it.
So this being said
that there was
going to be a push of
terror on our planet.
And at first, I thought,
what a terrible thing to say.
>>NOORY: Right.
And you think about terrorism--
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>NOORY: --right?
>>MCCLISS: No way--
you could take
that in so many different
ways that I wasn't
clear on the purpose or how
deep it went when she gave me
that information.
She said that this is
something that they
called the Great Return.
The great solar return was
happening to humanity and that,
based on where we're going in
these new resonances, where
we're going in this
new energetic cavity
that Earth is
evolving into, we had
to drop our lower
vibrational stories.
So anything that we
held in the shadows,
our pain, our traumas--
they had to come home.
We had to face it.
We had to integrate it.
We had to call back
the pieces of ourselves
that we just didn't have
the courage to look at.
>>NOORY: Bonni, let's go
back to your husband again.
>>MCCLISS: Sure.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
come up with any rationale
on why he just went outside
in this daze, staring
into the heavens?
>>MCCLISS: I believe--
I believe that when he gets--
when my husband comes into--
>>NOORY: Did they summon him?
>>MCCLISS: No, I don't
believe that's what happened.
I think this has
happened before when
he is in certain
fields of energy
or when certain
things are occurring
with interdimensional beings.
It's almost as it's a part
of his journey to step back.
Remember, this is a very
benevolent engagement.
This is stuff that
maybe I have a contract
to understand perhaps,
but he knows his place.
So I think, with some people,
if certain qualities of contact
come through, they
can't mentally house it.
Or their body just can't
hold what's going on,
so often they just
won't wake up.
They won't remember.
As for him, he's a
bit of a protector.
And so it's in his deepest
instincts to go check it out.
So I think that there's
some kind of variation--
>>NOORY: Well, he wasn't awake.
He wasn't conscious.
>>MCCLISS: No, he was in
some altered state, yeah.
>>NOORY: Why do you
think they picked you?
>>MCCLISS: I don't know.
It's not just about me.
I think that there are many
people that have this capacity
to work interdimensionally.
>>NOORY: So there's
many like you out there?
>>MCCLISS: Oh, very much, yes.
I think certain
souls, certain people
have come back at this
time to help humanity rise.
This is a really,
really important time,
very similar to Gregg Braden's
work in "The Isaiah Effect."
>>NOORY: Great guy.
>>MCCLISS: We
could really have--
very, very intelligent
researcher.
We really could end up on
two different variations
of timelines.
And so when you have a lot of
these messages come through
for humanity, they
really are trying
to help us stabilize in our mind
without losing or shattering
on the mental plane.
They're helping
our biologies grow
and to encounter
some of these charged
particles that are entering
into Earth's atmosphere
at this time.
>>NOORY: This cosmic shift
that's going to occur--
will it be dramatic?
I mean, will we all know
that something's going on?
>>MCCLISS: Yes, I mean, we're
right in the middle of it.
We're right in the middle of it.
Referring back to that being,
a part of what she said
was coming onto humanity, even
just a couple of years ago--
she said that there
will be charged
particles, cosmic radiation.
I'd never heard of this, but
she said the words "gamma
radiation" entering
into Earth's atmosphere.
>>NOORY: Sounds like an attack.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah, it does.
It does, but our whole
solar system's evolving.
This is what the
Mayan understood.
This is why we're considered
to be at a galactic center.
>>NOORY: So you're hopeful.
>>MCCLISS: Very
much hopeful, yeah.
There are ways to align with the
frequencies that are befalling
on Earth at this time.
We just need to learn
to listen and to be more
still and into
resonance or in tune
with what's going on with
us individually and then
collectively.
>>NOORY: Bonni, how do
people get a hold of you?
>>MCCLISS: People can find
me through my website.
They can find--
>>NOORY: Which is?
>>MCCLISS: www.psychicbonni.com
>>NOORY: Psychicbonni.com.
>>MCCLISS: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: B-O-N-N-I-E?
>>MCCLISS: B-O-N-N-I.
>>NOORY: Aha.
It's important for
people to know that.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
Since you've been doing
this, what's next for you?
>>MCCLISS: I'm going
to continue to write
about the messages that are
coming through for humanity.
I'm going to teach.
I want to speak
about these things.
Higher beings are definitely
wanting to deliver the "how."
>>NOORY: Through you?
>>MCCLISS: Through me
and through many others.
>>NOORY: Are you
like an ambassador?
>>MCCLISS: It's exactly.
It's just a messenger
and an ambassador
for this shift of the
ages to help people
understand how to hold
themselves accountable,
how to release stuff
that binds them,
and step into their purpose
because they're here--
>>NOORY: Can we
get ready for this?
>>MCCLISS: You can.
>>NOORY: How?
I think, from my
understanding, some
of the best ways that
you could ready yourself
for this transition is to move
into something that they regard
as the unmanifest, to
stop creating just all
of this resonance, or to stop
creating chaos unto ourselves,
to get very, very, very
still and to slow down.
So the slower that you become,
the higher your vibration
will rise.
And they also say that we are
making way too many actions
as human beings.
So the less we do in
some bizarre reality,
the more we can accomplish,
and to trust your life.
>>NOORY: And you're not
scared of any of this?
>>MCCLISS: I'm not
scared anymore, no.
I think--
>>NOORY: You were.
>>MCCLISS: I was a long--
it's a lot to take in when
you see these messengers enter
into the middle of the night.
>>NOORY: --when you're
two years old, right?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Bonni, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MCCLISS: Thank you for
bringing this story out.
I really appreciate it.
>>NOORY: I don't know exactly
what entails my Akashic
Records, but I do know that
the future of my records
hopefully will be upbeat.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]